So now let's bring back the constraints
that we have ignored so far.
There are two constraints here,
parts of the graph to include and
parts of the graph to exclude.
In this example we have to go to B, but
we should go to J first, and
then travel from B to J.
Also, we cannot use any
of the paths through E.
This really means two things.
First, we split the problem into two
independent shortest path problems
that we can solve in parallel if needed.
Second, when we go from J
to B We need to extract
the useful subgraph that
we need to consider.
For a large network and
a complex exclusion condition,
we will essentially operate
over a smaller graph,
thereby reducing the effective
size of the problem.
As we'll see in module three,
this kind of subgraph extraction operation
can be done effectively and
efficiently with a graph database system.
This concludes our short
tour of path analytics.